Add HealthCheckInfo (#366)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/getting_started/architecture/gateway-engine/_index.en.md

The impact on datapath for various scenarios in a kind setup are captured in the
following [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JsXsyRDDXkp6t55Gm-NP5EggWTyYi2yo27pyuDYwlpc/edit#gid=0).

> #### Gateway Healthcheck

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Gateway Health Check
```

> The Gateway Engine continuously monitors the health of connected clusters. It collects statistics, such as
> base connectivity, round trip time (RTT) and average latency of each connection, which are being updated
> in the 'Gateway' object. Whenever the Gateway Engine detects an unhealthy cluster, the connection status is marked
> with an `error` state so that Service Discovery avoids this cluster while it discovers a Service.
> If at a later point of time the connection recovers, the status will be updated back to `connected`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Gateway Engine continuously monitors the health of connected clusters. It periodically pings each cluster and collects statistics including basic connectivity, round trip time (RTT) and average latency. This information is updated in the 'Gateway' resource. Whenever the Gateway Engine detects an unhealthy cluster, its connection status is marked with an error state.  Service Discovery uses this information to avoid unhealthy clusters during Service discovery.
```

> The gateway engine continuously monitors the health of other connected clusters. It collects the statistics
> of each connection such as the round trip time, the average latency and so on. The live statistics are updated
> in the 'Gateway' object. Whenever the gateway engine detects an unhealthy cluster, the connection status is marked
> as an error. Other components like Service Discovery uses this and avoid this cluster while it discovers a service.
> If at a later point of time the connection recovers the status will be updated back to connected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Gateway Engine continuously monitors the health of connected clusters. It collects statistics, such as
base connectivity, round trip time (RTT) and average latency of each connection, which are being updated
in the 'Gateway' object. Whenever the Gateway Engine detects an unhealthy cluster, the connection status is marked
with an `error` state so that Service Discovery avoids this cluster while it discovers a Service.
If at a later point of time the connection recovers, the status will be updated back to `connected`.
```

The impact on datapath for various scenarios in a kind setup are captured in the
following [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JsXsyRDDXkp6t55Gm-NP5EggWTyYi2yo27pyuDYwlpc/edit#gid=0).

#### Gateway Health Check

The Gateway Engine continuously monitors the health of connected clusters.
It periodically pings each cluster and collects statistics including basic connectivity,
round trip time (RTT) and average latency. This information is updated in the 'Gateway'

> resource. Whenever the Gateway Engine detects an unhealthy cluster, its connection status

Reviewer 2: Can we define what "unhealthy cluster" means? We also wanted to expose the timer values so that this is configurable, and have the option to turn the feature off?

Author: Done.

The impact on datapath for various scenarios in a kind setup are captured in the
following [spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1JsXsyRDDXkp6t55Gm-NP5EggWTyYi2yo27pyuDYwlpc/edit#gid=0).

#### Gateway Health Check

The Gateway Engine continuously monitors the health of connected clusters.
It periodically pings each cluster and collects statistics including basic connectivity,

> round trip time (RTT) and average latency. This information is updated in the 'Gateway'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
round trip time (RTT) and average latency. This information is updated in the `Gateway`
```

> resource. Whenever the Gateway Engine detects that a ping to a particular cluster is failing,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource. Whenever the Gateway Engine detects that a ping to a particular cluster has failed,
```

its connection status is marked with an error state. Service Discovery uses this information
to avoid unhealthy clusters during Service discovery.

> The HealthCheck can be enabled and disabled using the submariner operator
> or [`subctl`](../../../operations/deployment/subctl/#join-flags-healthcheck).
> The HealthCheck interval and max packet that can be lost is configurable as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The health checking feature can be enabled/disabled via an option on the [`subctl`](../../../operations/deployment/subctl/#join-flags-healthcheck) join command. 
```
